ReactJS:-
1.It is developed and maintain by the facebook.
2. Is is used develop SIngle page application
   (SPA).
   a. React.JS
   b. Angular
   --------------------------------------
   React.Js is javascript library while Angular
   is complete framework.

   ReactJs.js use javascript as primary lang.
   while angular use typescript as primary lang.

   React.Js follow uni-directional(one-way binding)
    data flow
   architecture while angular bi-directional
   (two-way binding )data flow.

   Rendering:- ReactJs use virtual DOM,
   Angular use Actual DOM

   Virtual Dom is a copy of actual dom maintain
   in a browser memory and it is very light weight.

   When a component's state(data) change React create a new
   virtual dom tree for the component.

   React compare new Virtual Dom Whith Previus
   virtulal Dom to identify the difference.   

   Process of calculating these difference
   is called diffing.

   Reconciler :- It determines when to upodate
   Virutal DOM and is also keep Virtual DOM and
   Actual DOM in sync.
   Reconcilition.

   --------------------------------------------
   3. ReactJs applicat uses component based 
   architecture.
   4. Component :- It is part of UI made by three things.
       HTML(JSX) + CSS + Javascript
       JSX (Javascript XML) :- It allows you to write HTML code in reacjs
   
   5. Each and every application has a one component by default called 
      App Component also called root component.
   
   6. All the component should be child of App component(All component will complete
   under the App)
     App 
      |--Header
          |-----Logo
      |--Navigation
     Header, Navigation, Footer, Login, Register, Gallery.......
   7. Two types of component
       a. statefull component(class component) 
       b. stateless component (functional component)
       From 16 react introduce concept of hooks
          Function Component + hooks ===> statefull component
       statefull
       stateless
       class comp
       functional comp
       controlled comp
       uncontrolled comp
       pure component
      
     node package runner/exeuctor
     npx create-react-app application_name

